"Progress" is a bad word
around here.
- Clear the road!
- There's a standoff between rez
and truckers trying to get
to that new mine.
All y'all. out of here!
Family name doesn't
carry water anymore.
so you got to hide behind
a federal badge.
These bullets are meant for us.
Shooters are the Clegg brothers.
Carson and Wes.
Move and you're dead!
Life's become
more dangerous for me
since becoming your brother.
I guess being close
to me comes at a cost.
Brought you gifts.
Did you take them
from a fugitive again?
Okay. we got
battery-operated cameras.
motion activated
and night-vision enabled.
I'm my own security system.
And that crack system allowed
somebody to walk up undetected.
drop a shell casing
on your porch.
Hell. I been through worse
than a bullet on my doormat.
Yeah. see. I've come to learn
Montanans don't do theatrics.
You can't ignore this threat.
Well. I sent Tate
to his grandpa's.
and it took you three days
to find this stuff.
It took me a minute
to special-order the right gear
for vengeful Cleggs.
Well. we upset a lot of people
at the standoff.
Could be anybody.
Randall Clegg accosted you
before you killed his son.
I mean. you-you can bet the
field. but my money's on them.
Well. if my past has
proved anything. whoever it is.
they'll come for me.
some way. somehow.
Well. let's be ready.
Whoo! City slicker embarrassed
you at your own sport.
Beginner's luck.
And in my sport.
we don't use a rope.
- I'm a bulldogger.
- A what now?
I jump off a horse and wrestle
a 400-pound steer.
You make a living
suplexing cows?
It's a fair fight.
He comes out of the chute
when I do.
and then another cowboy
called a hazer keeps him
on a path so I can get my angle.
So it sounds like
the hazer does all the work.
and then you get the glory.
I get it.
I feel more like a hazer
than a bulldogger as of late.
Get the fuzzy end
of the lollipop at work?
For now.
But I keep delivering.
making my bosses happy.
they'll send me back
to civilization soon enough.
Okay. Beginner's luck. huh?
What will it be. Henry?
Nose paint. neat. Mads.
You from around here?
You're barking up
the wrong tree. hoss.
No. Sorry. I was just wondering
if you might know
the Clegg family?
Nothing but trouble.
Really?
How much. exactly?
'Cause I might've kicked
a hornet's nest there.
Don't have much use
for rules the rest of us follow.
They making threats?
You know.
Well. you can count on them
to deliver.
What's with the face?
No way Henry was
giving you a hard time.
even though
you probably deserve one.
No. I was just
trying to figure out
how much I got to watch
one of my guy's backs.
You have that math down cold.
Team comes first.
above everything else.
Always has. right?
Miles?
Sabrina. Wow.
Been a while.
You mean since you ghosted me
at our reunion?
Turning your back on the rez
is kind of your thing.
I'm messing with you. dude.
Like I'd dunk on your ambitions
beyond Broken Rock.
College football. Marines. MMA.
I was always cheering you on
from afar.
Ambitions and achievements
are two different things.
So how are you?
Worried there are two of us
at a cowboy bar.
I'm on a date.
What's your excuse?
- Here with my teammates.
- Right.
Heard you're a marshal now.
How's it going?
Traded badges to finally police
for my people.
but some of the elders think
being a marshal
makes me a traitor.
Never were one for fitting in.
But I'm still cheering.
Don't be a stranger. Miles.
How in the hell do we have mayo
that's expired before
this team's even stood up?
Sorry.
I-I swear I'm great at this.
She needs your bulldogger
for inspiration.
Bulldogger?
From "Get me out of Montana"
to rodeo bunny
in the blink of an eye.
You missed the action. Belle.
Yeah. I know.
Movie night
with my kid took priority.
Hey.
How are those cameras
working out?
You ready
to bring your boy home?
I'm gonna give it
a little more time.
So you'd rather hang out
where you were threatened
than with us?
Just trying to keep you
out of the line of fire.
Says the guy
who's gotten us shot at
ever since he showed up.
Harry.
Did we know
that you were coming?
Well. some news is
best delivered in person.
DOJ got a complaint
from Randall Clegg.
Claims you violated
his son's civil rights
when you killed him.
I violated a lot of things.
His rights wasn't one of them.
Well. Clegg claims
that Carson dropped his weapon
before you fired.
so Dutton's in a time-out.
And the rest of you.
get ahead of whatever
the DOJ investigation will find.
Putting our teammate under the
microscope is a waste of time.
Going shields up
for your friend is as admirable
as it is unhelpful.
I need an impartial review.
Deputy Cruz. you're in charge.
Fine. I'll get things started.
Perhaps Carson Clegg dropped
his weapon and you missed it.
I mean. the woods are shadows.
foliage. chaos.
I'm calmest in the chaos.
If he dropped it.
I'd have seen it.
You got any proof?
I got my word.
Good luck
with your investigation.
Hey. you know
those claims don't have legs.
Don't need any
with Gifford propping them up.
I'm not waiting around
to learn my fate.
No. you're not. You're actually
rolling out with me.
'cause the Forest Service
needs bodies to help
with a search and rescue
up at Bridger Range.
and I'm betting
you know the area.
Yeah. it's a brutal group
of steep peaks.
Well. you up
for some man versus nature?
Safer than what I'm facing here.
Helicopter carrying Tom Weaver
and his pilot called in an
SOS after the wind kicked up.
We're still trying to locate it.
You don't have eyes from above?
The wind up there is a no go
for air assets. even unmanned.
Leaves us with over
a thousand square miles
to cover on foot and a shortage
of search-and-rescue-qualified
Rangers.
You two will be
handling section D4.
Sorry to interrupt.
Are there any updates
on my father?
Elevation's over 8.500 feet
up there.
Get ready for some climbing.
Please.
I'm a damn mountain goat.
Just try and keep up. bro.
Be nice to get Dolly Weaver
some answers about her dad.
Weather's only gonna get worse.
so shove off.
We're armed. but thank you.
Your standard issue can't handle
what's on that mountain.
Is this what
you being hard at work
on the investigation looks like?
Good food's in the good kitchen.
and we've worked up
quite an appetite already.
Okay. so. Miles said
he didn't see anything
because he was engaged
with Wes Clegg.
and there are no red flags
in Kayce's incident report.
Well. you trust a Dutton's word
at your own peril.
Okay. It's not like
Kayce is some dirty beat cop.
So why have you decided
he's guilty?
It's not about guilt.
If he's here
with his own personal agenda.
how effective can this team be?
And Dutton dragging
this team down is gonna be
that much harder for you
to get reassigned to D.C.
It's in your best interest
to be very thorough
in this investigation.
Are you telling me
to manufacture evidence
to support Clegg's claim?
I'm saying that even if there's
no smoke behind this Clegg fire.
DOJ investigation's gonna find
other Dutton skeletons
that can hurt this team.
Best we find them ourselves.
or get buried
when someone else does.
You want to get out
of this ditch
that your old team
threw you in? Hmm?
You better get your hands dirty.
Didn't become a marshal
to snoop on my teammates.
Feels especially wrong
digging into a guy
who keeps pulling our asses
out of the fire.
This investigation's a great way
for Gifford to destroy any trust
that we've built with Kayce.
Clegg's fronting for sure. but
Gifford's right about one thing.
The complaint will impact
the rest of the team.
So. I called a friend at DOJ
from law school...
You're a lawyer?
That's even less believable
than you having a friend.
Okay. I said
I went to law school.
I didn't say I finished.
My friend said Clegg had a local
attorney file the complaint.
Um. an Andrew Schroeder.
Guy has a track record of filing
civil suits
against law enforcement.
Huh.
Well. DOJ finding against Kayce
would set up Clegg to sue him.
Unless we can prove
that Carson Clegg was armed
when he was killed.
Sheriff's office
finish processing the site?
Bullets fired from the Cleggs'
positions came from two weapons.
So both men were armed.
Case closed.
One gun was recovered from Wes.
Haven't found Carson's.
The man fell down a damn ravine.
The gun's probably
floating downriver.
They know that property
better than anyone.
Maybe they got to it
before law enforcement could.
No gun makes clearing Kayce
even more complicated.
I know Schroeder.
Let me go remind him that
his new client is an outlaw.
We should also sniff out
if he's got any evidence
he's holding back.
We?
So. is the. uh. quiet man act
'cause you're taking in
the scenery.
or you plotting your revenge
against Clegg?
I'm just glad he's coming
after my badge and not my kid.
Well. Gifford's way out of line
backing up a bogus claim. man.
He's just taking out
some old beef with my dad on me.
So's Clegg.
Not the first time
I've been punished
for doing
what I thought was right.
When was that?
Pretty much since birth.
- You smell that?
- Mm-hmm.
Aviation fuel.
Nothing brings me back
to Afghanistan faster.
Come on.
Whoa.
I'm not sure Tom Weaver deserves
us risking our lives for him.
Oh. I didn't realize
that you knew him.
Of him. He's a transplant.
Bought a big chunk of land
and thinks that makes him
king of the valley.
Oh. I see. You don't like him
'cause he's doing a bad
impression of your dad. huh?
Or a good one. Flying around
in these conditions.
knowing a storm's coming in?
These ranchers get obsessed
with their brands.
start treating their people
like livestock.
There's a sheen on the water.
- Bird went down upstream.
- Mm-hmm.
So how do you know
this fancy lawyer?
Your husband his dentist?
His wife queen of the PTA?
You do couple's Pilates
together?
Don't embarrass me
in front of him.
Oh. why? Because he'd spread
the word at the country club?
Look at that shine. Terry.
It's like a Yogo sapphire.
Well. you do love
reflective surfaces.
Andrew.
Belle.
I haven't seen you since your
birdie on 18 cleaned me out.
Damn straight.
You here. uh.
looking for a gift for Jared?
I'm looking out for you.
This is my colleague.
Andrea Cruz.
Andrew. we hear you filed
a civil rights complaint
against our teammate.
You've heard of privilege.
I can't talk about my clients.
Well. given our relationship.
I wanted to share that the
Cleggs are facing investigations
on the local.
state and federal level.
How would the club feel
about you being associated
with such lowlifes?
Andrew. business can't be so bad
that you have to advocate
for actual...
criminals.
Marshals should be
more concerned about
the actual criminal
carrying their badge.
Kayce is a chip off
the John Dutton block.
thinking he can play
outside the lines.
This'll do double duty:
Carson's funeral
and talking to the press.
Making noise to the media
will influence the DOJ's review
of the complaint against Kayce.
Everyone in Montana will cheer
when a Dutton finally learns
a badge isn't a shield
for their sins.
Okay. so you can prove
that Carson was unarmed
when Kayce killed him?
Can you prove he wasn't?
Schroeder is gonna focus
on Kayce's character
and make him out to look like
a cowboy who ignores the rules.
Then we need to look
into his Navy service.
his life in Montana.
find out
who our teammate really is.
-Well. seems like a good time
to remind you that killing Clegg
was justified.
"Justified" and "right"
aren't always the same thing.
So. what? You're... you're
a bad man for doing your job?
There's only one person ever
believed me to be a good man.
She's gone.
Your teammates believe
in you. Coyo.
Well. they're investigating me.
I know they have to.
but when the people
you expect to have your back
are trying to punish you.
- well. it tells you something.
- So. what?
You're fine
losing the badge. then?
Whatever happens happens.
It's kind of hard
for your teammates
to get close to you. man.
if you always keep them
at arm's length.
Just 'cause I won't go
to the bar with them
doesn't mean I wouldn't jump
into the fire for them.
Hey.
Eyes on the crash site.
Mm-hmm. That's it. Let's go.
That's far enough.
Dismount and eat dirt.
I just need
whatever supplies you have.
Hey. you haven't. uh.
seen a crashed helo
around here. have you?
That badge.
The hell are Feds doing up here?
It's got nothing
to do with you. okay?
You should really put
that gun down
before you get yourself
into some real trouble.
Hey. look at me.
No. no. no.
come here. look at me.
Hey. you shoot one of us. man.
the other one's gonna kill you.
You got it?
Picked the wrong wagon train
to ambush.
All right. All right.
Wasn't gonna hurt anyone.
Okay?
What are you doing
living all the way up here. huh?
Got laid off.
Wife left. lost my house.
I live off the land.
or I don't live at all.
Hmm. What you want
to do with him?
We can zip-tie him to a tree
and just pick him up
on the way down?
Oh.
Be a death sentence if the storm
gets him before we do.
Yeah.
All right. look.
You're gonna head down
to the ranger station.
and you're gonna
turn yourself in.
Yes. sir.
Go!
You think he'll surrender?
I wouldn't.
Come on.
It feels wrong
letting that guy go.
He lives
by the laws of nature now.
Survive or die.
Kind of envy
the lack of gray area out here.
Mm.
False summit. Son of a bitch.
Going around takes time
we don't have.
Only option's straight up.
Well. vertical climb means
travel light. travel fast.
so essential gear only.
Come on.
All Kayce's deployments.
No court-martials.
no captain's masts.
He's basically a model sailor.
With a Silver Star to prove it.
Good luck to Clegg trying to
paint a war hero in a bad light.
Well. Cal's mentioned
that he and other
special operators struggled
to turn off the switch
when they got out.
"Cal's mentioned." huh?
Rather intimate
personal history.
Yes. sweet Andrea.
I am befriending my coworkers
'cause I don't have
one foot out the door.
The point is. SEALs...
they don't have
the best reputation.
so it could open Kayce up to be
painted as a rogue warrior.
Few years back.
the militia kidnapped his son.
Word on the rez was
Kayce took a bunch
of ranch hands.
led an assault to get him back.
He took on a militia
with his cowboy buddies?
Was it extrajudicial?
His dad was
the livestock commissioner.
Kayce was his deputy.
Maybe they did it
through their office.
That's called frontier justice.
So Clegg may have a point.
Cal. over here.
Please help her.
Weak pulse.
She's barely breathing.
Hey. are you Tom Weaver?
Yeah.
Well. we are U.S. Marshals. and
we're here to help you. okay?
You got a sitrep?
We get her off this thing.
her guts stay with it.
All right. let's find a spot
to cut it from the tree.
We'll just move it with her.
Service Base.
we have the downed helo.
and we got two survivors
in section D4.
We're gonna need
an immediate CASEVAC.
Repeat. an immediate CASEVAC.
Negative.
All flights are grounded.
Weather conditions
are worsening.
Anything we have to cut her off
is with the horses.
I'll be back in ten mikes.
I'm sensing
you boys were military?
Navy.
My pilot. Helen.
she's a vet. too.
Go. I'm-a stabilize Helen. okay?
Easy.
I didn't survive the war on
terror to be killed by a bear.
Shotgun we left on the horse
would've helped.
Pistols are just gonna
piss it off.
Well. this is no good
for the pilot.
Bear bugged out. for now.
It didn't help. though. that
it was shaking the damn thing.
Helen's dead.
Why'd you make her fly
in these conditions?
Extreme winds weren't
on any weather report.
I'm on the clock purchasing land
over in Springhill.
I needed to assess
the rock cover.
Yeah? Did you get a good look
at it from the back seat?
Helen thought
if we rebalanced the weight.
it would help
the chopper get under control
- when the winds kicked up.
- Well. she saved your life.
even though you valued
your ranch more than hers.
Hey. look.
we got to cut him loose.
Okay?
Yeah.
Rotary saw or a Broco torch
here would be nice.
If we knock out this seat.
we can probably pull him free.
but we might break his leg
in the process.
Go ahead.
I'm sensing you'll enjoy it.
Yeah. well. the extraction strap
is not gonna work
with a broken femur.
And I can't bust you up any more
without a plan
down this mountain.
You have
to take Helen down. too.
Rescue mission takes priority.
Recovery team will get her
later. okay?
Can you grab her wedding ring?
Prefer her husband gets it
from me than a stranger.
Hey. suggestion box
is open. Coyo.
Well. since we're already
taking the seat out.
we can use that to stabilize
his leg while we belay down.
One of us tandems.
the other one uses the horse
to handle the extra weight.
Horse-assisted tandem belay.
Okay. Missed that day in BUD/S.
Wait. A cowboy. a SEAL
and a U.S. Marshal?
He's also a member
of the first family
of Montana ranchers.
Wait. You're a Dutton?
Yeah. Bite down on this.
Ready?
One. two. three.
So. what has my crack team
learned?
Well. it's a "he said. he said"
about whether or not
Carson Clegg was armed
when Kayce shot him.
That's precisely why
I tasked you
with finding Kayce's skeletons.
Deputy Cruz.
what's in his closet?
Circumstances surrounding his
son's kidnapping recovery are...
sketchy.
Sketchy?
How?
It may be a case
of frontier justice.
John Dutton
was livestock commissioner.
and he resigned
a few weeks after.
Giving up power is close
as a confession
as a Dutton's capable of.
I mean. could this be
more frontier justice?
Did Kayce have a reason
to kill Clegg?
Other than defending
his own life?
Well. maybe he thought
Carson had something to do
with his father's death
or his brother's disappearance.
Randall Clegg was a pain
in the ass for John Dutton
when he was
livestock commissioner.
but that's a weak motive.
He left a trail of bodies
after his buddy
Chairman Rainwater
was almost killed. didn't he?
All justified.
Did... Kayce have a connection
to the Broken Rock man
the Cleggs shot?
- Ernie Cano?
- Yeah.
I'm not a human LinkedIn
for the rez. you know.
Let's you and I take a drive.
- I'll solo down. prep the horse.
- Yeah.
Altitude's getting to me. man.
I think it's gonna be safer
if you tandem with Weaver.
The only guy who never puked
in the Hindu Kush
can't handle Montana?
I'm gonna find some branches.
stabilize his leg.
You just tend to his wounds.
all right?
Sorry about your father.
I got to Montana too late
to meet him.
but from the stories.
it seems like
he could've taught me
a thing or two about ranching.
Wasn't much for teaching.
You had to learn the hard way
with him.
Yeah. My old man
was a hard-ass. too.
only on Wall Street.
Working for him made me rich.
but I was never too fond
of his shadow.
Part of coming out here
was to escape it.
Good luck.
Trying to escape my dad's shadow
just led me into more darkness.
Yeah. we don't get
to pick our fathers.
No. but you wanting to tell
her husband yourself reminded me
of a good thing mine once did.
Well. I don't think
I'll remind you of him
as a rancher.
It's a hard living.
You got to be all in
to have a hope of success.
I cut my teeth
on my grandparents' ranch
in Wyoming as a kid.
Thought I'd...
try and build something
of my own.
leave my family something
more than a stock portfolio.
Hearing a crackerjack like you
quit the cattle game
giving me pause. though.
I'm not all out.
Still got 300 pairs.
How do you have time for that?
Hey. Storm's getting close.
so let's build this and boogie.
These are my neighbors.
I have to be able
to face them when I go home.
Is this Ernie Cano's room?
Miles. wh-what's going on?
Excuse me. Auntie.
Marshal Gifford here would like
to speak with Ernie.
Ernie's down in PT for his leg.
Sorry to disturb you. We tried.
In my experience.
a wife knows more about her
husband's business than he does.
Any idea
if Ernie has a relationship
with Kayce Dutton?
Everyone knows the white man
who used to break horses
on the rez.
That all? Nothing more personal?
I never met him. but his wife
taught at Ernie's school.
- Mm-hmm?
- He was quite fond of her.
We both were.
You don't say. ma'am.
Do tell more.
Lightning strikes
are getting close.
Okay. come on.
Come on. Back. back.
Come on.
Steady.
How you doing?
Don't focus on me.
Come on.
You good?
- Throw us a line.
- Yeah!
Our collar just used
our shotgun against us
and beat feet into the woods.
I'm-a pursue.
And leave two men behind
this time?
Come on.
Sorry. sorry.
All right.
you get him down the hill.
I'm-a pursue that recluse.
One is none. right?
Mission's not over.
Please.
I'm responsible for
a high enough body count today.
All right. man.
let's get off this mountain
before it throws
anything else at us.
Come on. One. two. three.
How was your field trip?
It was enlightening.
We learned that Dutton
killed the man
who had tried to kill someone
important to his late wife.
Meaning what. exactly?
Well. Ernie and Monica Dutton
worked together.
They grew so close that
he and his wife used to have
Monica and her son over for
dinner when Kayce was deployed.
We don't know if Kayce
knew any of their history.
Clegg just needs
to whisper that to the press.
and they will have a field day
exploiting the Dutton name.
Think anyone in this unit
will have a career after that?
Now. I'm informing the Office
of Professional Responsibility
- of the connection.
- You're feeding Kayce
to the wolves
based off a theory.
I'm keeping this team away
from his blast radius.
You can file that under
"if you want a job done right."
You can't pull a badge
over dots that may not connect.
Government's the windshield.
rest of us are bugs.
Okay. You were on
Kayce's six during the incident.
So. walk us through it again.
from the start.
We all pursued the Cleggs
to their hunting grounds.
Kayce and I broke off
from the team to outflank them.
pushed up the hill.
Took fire from two positions?
First.
we got separated by the I.E.D.
Wait. A decorated Navy SEAL
missed a trip wire?
There's no chance.
Maybe it was detonated
remotely?
Wes and Carson
were behind cover.
They didn't have eyes on us yet.
Avoided my worst nightmare
thanks to you two.
Lost track of how many times
you saved me today.
Wish we could've
saved everyone. sir.
Yeah.
That's some U-turn you just
pulled on that transplant.
Yeah. I might've
pegged him wrong.
Yeah. Let's get back. man.
'cause I want to dig into
that guy who almost
mudsucked us.
Rather face off with that bear
than see Gifford.
Yeah. I get it. but...
I ain't got no worries.
You gonna be good on that front.
It's the law of nature. right?
Look. I'm sorry. Cal.
Looks like Dutton's goose
is cooked.
Oh. so you can prove that Clegg
- was unarmed then. huh?
- Well. not exactly.
But this office needs to project
a proactive stance
against abuse of the badge.
OPR has cleared the way
for you to fire Dutton
before they finish their review.
I warned you
hiring him was a mistake.
Now you can correct that.
You know. the last time
I ended a teammate's career.
cost them everything. so...
you want his badge so bad.
do it yourself.
Check this out.
We had the sheriff
search the scene again.
looking for ways
the Cleggs might've had eyes
on Kayce and Miles
while engaged in a gunfight.
They found trail cams
from a grad student in Missoula
studying gray-crowned
rosy finches.
Did the sheriff miss the trail
cams in the initial processing?
They're under-resourced
and looking for a missing gun.
There was a node
on one of the cams.
The Cleggs were piggybacking
off of it for hunting.
That's Carson Clegg.
Weapon firmly in hand.
- How's that for thorough?
- "Abuse of the badge"
looks pretty damn heroic
to me. Harry. Hmm?
Glad you cleared this up.
I'll tell OPR to shove it.
Good work.
Hey.
It's true I'd rather be back
in D.C. than here.
But not so much
that it turns me into a rat.
Don't ever play me
like that again.
Everybody. meet the man
who saved my life.
Kayce Dutton.
Figured a rancher needs his hat.
Oh. this thing is filthy
and this room is sterile.
That. uh. land out in Springhill
you were assaying?
Belongs to the Quinns?
It does.
They went bust
overgrazing their pastures.
It's gonna take
at least two seasons
before it's fit
for cattle again.
You saved my life
and my pocketbook today.
I'm in your debt.
Yeah. We all are.
- Enjoy your family. sir.
- Now. hold-hold on.
I need you out there
protecting Montanans
without having to worry
about your ranch.
Let me lend you some hands.
Aw. I can't accept that.
Hmm. When my father
makes you an offer.
you don't have a choice.
You had my back today. Kayce.
It's only right I say thank you.
You let Kayce know
he's in the clear. right?
Mm-hmm. I left him a message.
but haven't heard back.
I'm sure he doesn't think
our pack protected him today.
Well. I get a sense
that he's used to others
failing to stand up for him.
Yeah. after digging
into his past.
seems trouble's been
hunting Kayce his whole life.
Yet he's still standing.
Yeah. but it comes
at a hell of a price.
- Look who it is.
- Oh.
You beg me to come out
just so I can watch y'all
cry in your beers?
You saved my ass
with the Cleggs.
I had no idea.
Well. I had your back
just like you had mine.
Well. the upside is.
pretty sure we got Gifford
off your ass.
Doubt that's the last time
I'll deal with him.
- Or the Cleggs.
- Hey. check this out.
I think we let
one of America's Most Wanted go.
Specifically. Rudy Carpenter.
Come on. Does that not
look like the eyes of the guy
- who shot at us?
- "Serial bomber
on the lam for three years"
Rudy Carpenter?
Yeah. it would explain
why he was gunning for us.
We can't
just ignore this. right?
Oh. uh...
Everybody. this is Dolly Weaver.
Hi. I don't mean
to crash the party.
but my father insisted
on buying drinks
for the people who saved the job
- of the man who saved his life.
- I'll drink to that.
Hell yeah.
Yes. thank you.
Kayce.
- Thank you.
Thanks to you.
- Cheers.
- Yeah. All right.
To your father.
Thank you. Seriously.
You know. for what it's worth.
I hated turning your world
upside down.
Nothing my dad despised more
than internal affairs.
- We're all good.
- Oh. good day for you.
You kept your badge
and you made a new friend.
She's just grateful
we saved her dad.
Oh. I know what grateful
looks like.
and that is not
how she's eyeing you.
Saddle up. cowboy.
Okay. look. I have questions
about how you two
arrived here together.
but I'm just happy. man.
that you're here at all.
Well. the fact that we can keep
that family's world
from falling apart...
justified and right.
Yeah.
Well. maybe the badge
is a... a path to penance.
Upset Dolly robbed you
of a chance to buy another round
from your favorite bartender?
Yeah.
She seemed so scared not knowing
if her dad was dead or alive.
Well. she's lucky to have
that kind of relationship
with him.
He's lucky. Yeah.
Hmm.
Bartender's my kid.
Maddie.
Been out of her life. uh.
over 20 years.
She's your daughter?
I took this posting
to move closer to her. but...
It's becoming clear that.
you know.
she'd rather have me
out of her life than in her bar.
Cal.
Give it time.
Time.
Right.
All the skills
my dad says you have.
it seems like life of
the party's not one of them.
I'm definitely more comfortable
driving cattle
than being jammed in like one.
Hmm.
Well. your teammates seem nice.
Glad you all are out here
keeping people safe.
Makes Montana less scary.
Montana's not scary.
Just have to get to know it.
Hmm.
Oh. well. wish I knew a local
that could give me a crash
course in all things Big Sky.
Wait. you were
born and raised here.
What do you say?
Maybe.